Update messaging for Workers Static Assets bucketing strategy (#21788)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/static-assets/direct-upload.mdx

The resulting response will contain a JWT, which provides authentication during file upload. The JWT is valid for one hour.

> In addition to the JWT, the response instructs users how to optimally batch upload their files. These instructions are encoded in the `buckets` field. Each array in `buckets` contains a list of file hashes which should be uploaded together. Unmodified files will not be returned in the `buckets` field (as they do not need to be re-uploaded) if they fall within the most recent 100,000 files uploaded for your Worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the JWT, the response instructs users how to optimally batch upload their files. These instructions are encoded in the `buckets` field. Each array in `buckets` contains a list of file hashes which should be uploaded together. Unmodified files will not be returned in the `buckets` field (as they do not need to be re-uploaded) if they have recently been uploaded in previous versions of your Worker.
```

100k is an implementation detail we may change.
